[No QA] Updates to ECUK setup docs for formatting and instructions (#96438)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/Set-Up-and-Manage-the-Expensify-Card-UK-EU.md

## How to enable the Expensify Card on your workspace

Once you meet the requirements, you can enable the Expensify Card on your GBP or EUR workspace.

1. In the navigation tabs (on the left on web, on the bottom on mobile), select **Workspaces > [workspace name] > More features**.
2. In the **Spend** section, enable **Expensify Card**.
3. In the workspace navigation menu, select **Expensify Card**.
4. Click **Issue new card**.
5. Select the GBP or EUR business bank account that will be used to settle all Expensify Card transactions.
6. Review the **One more step** instructions and click **Go to Concierge**.
7. In your conversation with Concierge, provide the most recent three months of bank statements for the bank account you selected in Step 5. These statements help determine your workspace's eligible spending limit.

> Concierge reviews your request and contacts you if any additional information is needed. Approval typically takes one to two business days. Once your workspace is approved, you can begin issuing Expensify Cards.

Reviewer: Minor NAB

```suggestion
Concierge will review your request and contact you if any additional information is needed. Approval typically takes one to two business days. Once your workspace is approved, you can begin issuing Expensify Cards.
```

We should probably set some expectations about Trulioo and KYB, right? That can be quick if all the info is there, but I'm not sure it will always be 1-2 business days.

---

## How to issue an Expensify Card to a member

After your workspace is approved and a spending limit has been assigned to your workspace, you can begin issuing cards to members.

> 1. From the navigation tabs (on the left on web, and at the bottom on mobile), select **Workspaces > [workspace name] > Expensify Card**.

Author: fixed

2. Click **Issue new card**.

> 3. Select the member who will receive the card.

Reviewer: NAB virtual cards are not received per se

```suggestion
3. Select the member who will be assigned the card.
```

8. Name the card for easier tracking.
9. Click **Issue card** to confirm.

---

## How to activate a physical Expensify Card

Members activate their own physical Expensify Cards after receiving them.

To activate a physical Expensify Card: 

1. In the navigation tabs (on the left on web, on the bottom on mobile), select **Account > Wallet**.
2. Select the physical Expensify Card.
3. Follow the prompts to activate the card.

After activation, the card is ready to use.

> For details on how to set, view, change, or unblock an Expensify Card's PIN, see [Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)](/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/Manage-Your-Expensify-Card-PIN).

Author: PIN article is being published at the same time: https://github.com/Expensify/App/pull/89154 (

> For details on how to set, view, change, or unblock an Expensify Card's PIN, see [Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)](/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/Manage-Your-Expensify-Card-PIN).

Reviewer: It would be good for that article to talk about pin unblock, but as of this moment, it does not mention it anywhere user-facing

```suggestion
For details on how to set, view, or change an Expensify Card's PIN, see [Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)](/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/Manage-Your-Expensify-Card-PIN).
```
